feat(AwsEksAudit): Add support for AwsEksAudit apiv2 cloud account integration (#292)
lacework/terraform-provider-lacework: website/docs/r/integration_aws_eks_audit_log.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Cloud Account Integrations"
layout: "lacework"
page_title: "Lacework: lacework_cloud_account_aws_eks_audit_log"
description: |-
  Create and manage AWS EKS Audit Log integrations
---

# lacework\_cloud\_account\_aws\_eks\_audit\_log

Use this resource to configure an AWS EKS Audit Log integration to analyze EKS audit logs.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "lacework_cloud_account_aws_eks_audit_log" "account_abc" {
  name      = "account ABC"
  sns_arn   = "arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789:foo-lacework-eks:00777777-ab77-1234-a123-a12ab1d12c1d"
  credentials {
    role_arn    = "arn:aws:iam::1234567890:role/lacework_iam_example_role"
    external_id = "12345"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The AWS CloudTrail integration name.

> * `sns_arn` - (Required) The SNS ARN.

Reviewer: nitpick: Is there anything else that can be added to this description?

* `credentials` - (Required) The credentials needed by the integration. See [Credentials](#credentials) below for details.
* `enabled` - (Optional) The state of the external integration. Defaults to `true`.

> * `retries` - (Optional) The number of attempts to create the external integration. Defaults to `5`.

Reviewer: nitpick: Thoughts on changing the wording, I know we use this terminology in many places. But it's not great. Is there anything that links up to the UI wording?

```suggestion
* `retries` - (Optional) The number of attempts to create the resource. Defaults to `5`.
```

```suggestion
* `retries` - (Optional) The number of attempts to create the cloud integration. Defaults to `5`.
```

Author: perhaps `The number of attempts to create the cloud account integration. Defaults to `5``
